there you have it Mary
that's missiles wait that's home you
stick to your rooms and your rooms only
no exploring no talking about I didn't
ask to be here
[Music]
I assure you who are you my name is Mary
Lennox and my uncle owns this house I'm
Colin Craven my cousins want this house
was filled with happiness now my father
wants me locked in this room it's
unforgivable
I need you to keep secret you know a
magical place where the birds sing to
you you need to see it we could go
outside who knows you might feel better
hey are you dicker hello
[Music]
you know what your risk it's worth the
risk this is our garden and it can be
whatever we want
[Music]
they're even more sequences garden her
mother's made this place magical I knew
you were hiding something if you cause
me trouble
I'm obliged my lord have you Santa
school and we'll need to break the law
why please stay away from my son I was
trying to make expect
how's this this garden it's capable of
extraordinary things
[Music]
you